blast should state it doesn't scale w/ attack speed? might just be a game knowledge thing
having limited shots w/ scatter makes its attack speed perk much less useful in some ways
	my perception of it might be altered by BulletFalloffFix
	does reload speed scale w/ attack speed? might solve this issue
assassinate's knockback should be slightly buffed for a little extra distance?
assassinate's stun should be longer to synergize easier with lights out?
experiment with having Lights Out not reset itself?
	would eliminate the one-button-gameplay problem early game
		this is already decently addressed by changing the damage to only one-shot wisps and not lemurians or beetles, I think changing it to not reset itself shifts the whole identity of the character too much (in theory of course)
does being able to reset-invis-repeat make him feel repetitive or cheesy?
	imo, not if you have to combo any enemy other than wisps
	having to look for wisps or combo down an enemy to get a reset adds way more interactivity to the character, I like this change w/ lights out for this
sfx when trying to fire while out of ammo would be very useful, find myself constantly having to focus on that
	could be too much noise when back-to-back with the reload sound, might just need to git gud
lights out damage up just a tiny bit? can't one-shot lemurian w/ 2 crowbars, left at very low HP, feels pretty bad when you get the one item you need to kill the small stuff in one shot and you need 3 of them to get to that point
	tbf that point might shift a lot throughout the game
with only 2 grenades, lights out damage bonus feels pretty weak against beetle guards
	at around 5 stacks, the damage starts feeling more significant
	maybe have the bonus damage ignore armor?
	1140 at 4 stacks to elite wisp, 180 at no stacks to elite imp
		maybe i'm wrong about the damage here :)
		does tons of damage at ~10 stacks, only got there with Ifrits, see debuffs discussion below for options on reaching that in a normal run
definitely feeling the reload time nerf on Blast
guess it feels strange that the rifle is being treated as burst damage, and the shotgun scales w/ attack speed; just inverted from normal logical shooter design
	could this be reversed? have the rifle be more useful for attack speed and the shotgun used for hit-and-run? this might require a pretty large shift in numbers for each of them, curious as to your thoughts on it
what "debuffs" count for bonus damage? bleed, chronobouable, Her Biting Embrace, poison?
	might fix the initial feeling of not being able to stack debuffs for big damage
	I'd personally really support any debuff you can get from items synergizing w/ Lights Out, I think this would add way more depth to his build options
		like seriously, how often is Chronobauble actually useful? not very. that makes this option exciting for me